Fengtian carried the emperor's edict that Tianyi would be late
Lunar medicine
Assigned him to lead two imperial physicians
Resolve the sick rituals of civilians in the suburbs of Kyoto
Miss Jiang
The emperor has high hopes for you
Ring bar
Don't let the emperor down
This is Fang Yidu
Xiaoxiao has seen my sister
He is Fang Yidu
It's someone sent by the Queen
I will learn from the royal doctors with you
pay
Xiao Xiao has heard of my sister for a long time
See you today
And there were different reactions.
Don't pull me
You don't have to call me sister
Just call me by my name
My sister and I will become a family sooner or later
How can you be confused?
Who is your family?
I am the Princess Regent and Concubine of the Queen
I will enter the mansion after my sister and the prince are married
Why don't I know
I treated a badly wounded regent
That's when our fate began
I won't agree.